Add F.A.Q. section (#185)
organicmaps/organicmaps.github.io: content/faq/routing-01-build/index.md

---
title: How to build a route?
description: "Frequently asked questions for Organic Maps application"

taxonomies:
  faq: ["Routing"]

extra:
  order: 10
---

> OrganicMaps can build a route for car trip, bycicle ride or foot walk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Organic Maps can build a route for car trip, bycicle ride or foot walk.
```
